a bad restaurant service yes can I have
one table please for one person sorry I
have texting my sidekick okay yeah let's
get started
I guess my pen yeah
yes what would you like to have some
water okay can I have some pretzels
peanut butter filled in some scares the
water in here water if in the poll
pulled up the dot on excuse me i order
cereal and this is adopted it is dumb
and that is for dogs oh yes
I have my cereal please you have your
stuff and cereal and you can stupid
bleep me a lot because you're still good
parts in cereal okay we're all done get
to check and all that but I hands grab
my kind of kind of my first okay here's
my credit card to me I'm here no I'll be
staying here
you have a credit card lady to meet my
credit card I don't cover it give me my
credit card thank you for watching I've
got a cow yeah